README.md, before:

# Lab 1

1. If you aren't sure whether you have `git` installed on your computer, [follow these directions for installing `git` on your computer](https://github.com/git-guides/install-git). You might already have it installed, so be sure to check as described in these instructions.

2. Clone this GitHub repo to your own computer. If you're not sure how to do this, use the [GitHub desktop app](https://desktop.github.com) or use the command line as I showed you in class:

* Go to your repo and click the green Code button, then the copy button.
* Launch a terminal.
* Navigate to where you'd like to keep your repos for this class (e.g., ``~/Desktop/CSCI3349/``).
* Type ```git clone``` and then paste in what you copied, above.


3. Now, navigate in the file system to the folder on your computer where you cloned this repo, and you will see a file called ``lab1.html``. Double click on the file, which will launch it in your web browser, and then complete the assignment as described in the file.

4. You'll be submitting the completed assignment using GitHub. Again, if this is new to you, use the GitHub Desktop app or use the command line as I showed you in class: ``git add <filename>``, ``git commit -m "your comment"``, ``git push``. 

**This lab is due Thursday, January 22 @ 11:59pm**

Commit message:

Revise README with updated lab submission instructions
Updated instructions for cloning the repo and submitting assignments.

README.md, after:

# Lab 1
1. If you got here any way other than through accepting the invitation I put on Canvas, stop now! Go back to Canvas to accept the GitHub classroom invitation. That is how you create your own copy of the repo. You cannot commit to anything but your own copy of the repo that is created by Google Classroom when you accept the invitatoin.

2. If you aren't sure whether you have `git` installed on your computer, [follow these directions for installing `git` on your computer](https://github.com/git-guides/install-git). You might already have it installed, so be sure to check as described in these instructions.

3. Clone this GitHub repo to your own computer. If you're not sure how to do this, use the [GitHub desktop app](https://desktop.github.com) or use the command line as I showed you in class:

* Go to your repo and click the green Code button, then the copy button.
* Launch a terminal.
* Navigate to where you'd like to keep your repos for this class (e.g., ``~/Desktop/CSCI3349/``).
* Type ```git clone``` and then paste in what you copied, above.


4. Now, navigate in the file system to the folder on your computer where you cloned this repo, and you will see a file called ``lab1.html``. Double click on the file, which will launch it in your web browser, and then complete the assignment as described in that html file.

5. You'll be submitting the completed assignment -- a PDF -- using GitHub. Move the PDF you created with your answers to the questions in the html file to the ``lab1-<yourusername>`` directory on your own computer that you created when you cloned this repo. Then either use the GitHub Desktop app to add, committ, and push your PDF to your repo on the internet or use the command line as I showed you in class: ``git add <filename>``, ``git commit -m "your comment"``, ``git push``. 

**This lab is due Thursday, January 22 @ 11:59pm**
